Initial Bedrock Document (#4669)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/amazon-aws/amazon-bedrock.md

---
id: amazon-bedrock

> title: Amazon Bedrock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Amazon Bedrock
sidebar_label: Amazon Bedrock
```

   * **Access Key ID and Secret Access Key**. Enter your Amazon [Access Key ID and Secret Access Key](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSGettingStartedGuide/AWSCredentials.html). Learn how to use Role-based access to AWS [here](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/aws-sources)
   * **Log File Discovery** > **Scan Interval**. Use the default of 5 minutes. Alternately, enter the frequency. Sumo Logic will scan your S3 bucket for new data. Learn how to configure **Log File Discovery** [here](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/aws-sources).
   * **Enable Timestamp Parsing**. Select the **Extract timestamp information from log file entries** check box.
   * **Time Zone**. Select **Ignore time zone from the log file and instead use**, and select **UTC** from the dropdown.
   * **Timestamp Format.** Select **Automatically detect the format**.
   * **Enable Multiline Processing**. Select the **Detect messages spanning multiple lines** check box, and select **Infer Boundaries**.
2. Click **Save**.

### Collect Amazon Bedrock CloudWatch logs

> To enable Amazon Bedrock CloudWatch Logs follow the [link](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/model-invocation-logging.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Amazon Bedrock CloudWatch Logs, follow the steps mentioned in [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/model-invocation-logging.html)
```
